{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\f0\fs24
\b TicketPlease Presentation Script\b0\par
\par
\b 1. TMDB Poster Integration\b0\par
TicketPlease uses direct TMDB image CDN links as movie poster fallbacks. It does not call the full TMDB API, so no API key is used in the current version.\par
\par
Each movie has posterURLString and localPosterName. Concerts and seminars use the same poster fields through EventListing. Content is stored in separate LocalContent JSON files instead of one Swift array. Movies.json stores movie details and poster names, Concerts.json and Seminars.json store event content, Cinemas.json and EventVenues.json store locations, and the showing files store schedules. Accounts, bookings, and reviews are not bundled; users create them at runtime. A cell or detail screen passes the local poster name and URL to PosterPlaceholderView.\par
\par
PosterPlaceholderView handles the loading. First, it checks the bundled PosterImages folder using FileManager, so posters still work offline. If the bundled image is missing, it checks the app cache. If it is not cached, URLSession downloads the image online. After downloading, the image data is saved inside the app Caches directory in a PosterCache folder, then shown in a UIImageView.\par
\par
So the flow is: LocalContent JSON stores poster names and URLs, LocalContentStore copies and decodes the files, LocalContentMapper connects content and schedule IDs, the screen calls loadPoster, PosterImages is used first, and URLSession plus the FileManager cache is the online fallback.\par
\par
\b 2. Constraints and Scalable Layout\b0\par
The app is made scalable using Auto Layout, safe area constraints, scroll views, table views, and stack views.\par
\par
In the storyboard, the Showings tab starts with a category screen before the Movies screen. The Movies screen still uses top, leading, trailing, and bottom constraints. The table view is pinned to the screen edges and safe area, so it automatically resizes on different devices.\par
\par
For screens built in Swift, the app uses ScrollableViewController. This creates a UIScrollView with a vertical UIStackView inside it. The scroll view is pinned to the safe area, and the stack view is pinned to the scroll view layout guides. This allows long screens like movie detail, seat selection, booking summary, and profile forms to scroll properly on smaller devices.\par
\par
The seat map also adjusts based on device size. On compact screens, the seat spacing and seat size are smaller. This helps the layout fit on phones like iPhone SE while still looking balanced on larger devices.\par
\par
\b 3. Module 5: Data Persistence\b0\par
Module 5 is applied through UserDefaults, FileManager, Codable JSON storage, and Keychain.\par
\par
UserDefaults stores simple app preferences such as the selected movie category, the show-cancelled-bookings setting, and the signed-in profile ID.\par
\par
Bookings are stored using BookingFileRepository. It uses FileManager to find the Documents directory, then saves bookings to bookings.json using JSONEncoder. When the app opens, JSONDecoder reads the saved bookings back into the app. Each booking can also store TicketAssignment rows, so one purchased seat can be assigned to another existing account by email.\par
\par
Profiles are stored in profiles.json using the same Codable and FileManager approach. Reviews are created only after a confirmed showing finishes and are stored in reviews.json, with one editable review per account and item. Passwords are not saved in JSON. They are stored separately in the iOS Keychain through KeychainPasswordStore, which uses SecItemAdd, SecItemCopyMatching, and SecItemDelete.\par
\par
This shows simple preferences, save and retrieve data, Codable models, file writing and reading, and secure password storage.\par
\par
\b 4. Module 6: MVVM, Clean Architecture, and DI\b0\par
Module 6 is applied through MVVM, clean architecture folders, protocol-based dependency injection, singleton usage, and the factory pattern.\par
\par
The app is separated into Models, View, ViewModel, Domain, and Design folders. The View layer contains view controllers and UI. The ViewModel layer handles screen logic like Showings category selection, event browsing, movie filtering, booking filtering, seat totals, and profile actions. The Model layer contains data structures and persistence. The Domain layer contains protocols and use cases. The Design layer contains reusable UI components and AppFactory.\par
\par
Protocol-based dependency injection is shown through protocols such as MovieFetching, EventFetching, BookingManaging, AppPreferencesManaging, and Authenticating. ViewModels receive use cases or services instead of directly creating concrete classes. FetchEventsUseCase handles concert and seminar browsing, ConfirmBookingUseCase handles checkout, while TransferTicketUseCase handles sharing one seat ticket to another account.\par
\par
AppFactory is the composition root. It creates view controllers and view models, then injects the dependencies they need. The app still uses a few singletons, such as AppFactory.shared, AppPreferences.shared, BookingStore.shared, and AuthenticationService.shared, but they are kept at the app-service level.\par
\par
\b Short Closing\b0\par
Overall, TicketPlease applies UIKit, MVVM, persistence, protocol-based dependency injection, MapKit locations, and scalable Auto Layout. The Showings tab separates Movies, Concerts, and Seminars. Movie posters are bundled for offline use, with TMDB image links as fallback sources. User-created profiles, bookings, and reviews use separate JSON files, while passwords use Keychain.\par
}
